Move Overview and Tutorials documentation to Serverless manager repo (#141)
kyma-project/serverless-manager: docs/user/03-30-manage-functions-with-kyma-cli.md

This tutorial is based on a sample Python Function run on a lightweight [k3d](https://k3d.io/) cluster.

## Prerequisites

Before you start, make sure you have these tools installed:

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Kyma CLI](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli)
- [Kyma installed](../../04-operation-guides/operations/02-install-kyma.md) locally or on a cluster

## Steps

Follow these steps:

1. Run the `init` Kyma CLI command to create local files with the default configuration for a Python Function. Go to the folder in which you want to initiate the workspace content and run this command:

  >**NOTE:** Learn why you want sidecar and how to enabled them. Follow [Istio sidecars in Kyma and why you want them](../../01-overview/service-mesh/smsh-03-istio-sidecars-in-kyma.md), [Default Istio setup in Kyma](../../01-overview/service-mesh/smsh-02-default-istio-setup-in-kyma.md) and [Enable automatic Istio sidecar proxy injection](../../04-operation-guides/operations/smsh-01-istio-enable-sidecar-injection.md)

  ```bash
  kyma init function --runtime python39 --name {FUNCTION_NAME}
  ```

>   Alternatively, use the `--dir {FULL_FOLDER_PATH}` flag to point to the directory where you want to create the Function's source files.

Author: Nope, it's an additional flag that you can use in the init command.

  >**NOTE:** Python 3.9 is only one of the available runtimes. Read about all [supported runtimes and sample Functions to run on them](../../05-technical-reference/svls-01-sample-functions.md).

  The `init` command creates these files in your workspace folder:

  - `config.yaml`	with the Function's configuration

>**NOTE:** See the detailed description of all fields available in the [`config.yaml` file](../../05-technical-reference/svls-06-function-configuration-file.md).

  - `handler.py` with the Function's code and the simple "Hello World" logic
  - `requirements.txt` with an empty file for your Function's custom dependencies

>   This command also sets **sourcePath** in the `config.yaml` file to the full path of the workspace folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `kyma init` command also sets **sourcePath** in the `config.yaml` file to the full path of the workspace folder:
```

Just guessing, considering line 33 presents an alternative command
